Wikka Installation
------------------

Not much to it (as long as it works, ahem). Unpack/upload the
distribution files into a directory that can be accessed via the web.
Then go to the corresponding URL.  A web-based installer will walk you
through the rest.

Example:

If your website, say, http://www.mysite.com, is mapped to the
directory /home/jdoe/www/, and you place the Wikka distribution files
into /home/jdoe/www/wikka/, you should go to
http://www.mysite.com/wikka/.

Note that Wikka distributions normally unpack into directories that
include the version in their name; you'll probably want to rename
those to just "wikka" -- or, if you're on a unixoid system, set up a
symbolic link.

During first installs, the installer will try to create a file called
wikka.config.php in your Wikka directory. In order to do this, you
will need to either make the Wikka directory writable by the web
server, or create a new (empty) file called wikka.config.php which is
writable by the web server. If the installer still fails to create the
file, it will dump the file's contents which you can then upload
manually.

IMPORTANT: for installing or upgrading Wikka, do NOT access any of the
files contained in the setup/ subdirectory. They're used by the
web-based installer/updater, but you should really just access the
Wikka directory itself, and it will (or at least should) work
perfectly.

Detailed instructions are available at
http://docs.wikkawiki.org/WikkaInstallation.
